Improve Error Handling related BBEs (#5709)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/error-type-intersection/error_type_intersection.md

# Type intersection for error types

> If you intersect two `error` types, the resulting type's detail type is the intersection of the detail types of both types. Furthermore, if any of the types being intersected is a distinct type, then the resultant type's type ID set includes all the type IDs of that type.

Reviewer: I think we have to relate to it therefore being a subtype.

Reviewer: And maybe emphasize that this way you can define a custom error with a specific detail type that is also a subtype of a distinct error type (this is the only way).

Author: Fixed

# Type intersection for error types

> If you intersect two `error` types, the resulting type's detail type is the intersection of the detail types of both types. Furthermore, if any of the types being intersected is a distinct type, then the resultant type's type ID set includes all the type IDs of that type. Thus it is a subtype of both types and this is how you create subtypes of `distinct` error types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intersect two `error` types, the resulting type's detail type is the intersection of the detail types of both types. Furthermore, if any of the types being intersected is a distinct type, then the resultant type's type ID set includes all the type IDs of that type. Thus it is a subtype of both types. This way, you can create an error type that is a subtype of multiple distinct types and also use a more specific detail type.
```

Author: Addressed in c19adcc407f68b124fae5f39fe8a901d22566377
